Sara AndersonAddress: 410 Vine Street, Norfolk, VA 23502Phone: (269) 983-4722Email: sara.anderson@yahoo.comCurrent job: Mathematics Teacher at St. Joseph High SchoolObjective:To gain employment as a Mathematics educator at one of the country’s most excellent and outstanding educational establishments known for producing students at the forefront of their field.Skills:1. Particularly adept at the creation of a stimulating learning environment for students to study in2. Possess a genuine enthusiasm and passion for teaching math3. Knowledge of online learning platforms and how they assist students with learning outside of the classroom4. Excellent subject knowledge5. Proficient in the use of new media such as the internet to promote interactive learning6. Competent in the use of the latest teaching methods and techniques7. Admirable ability to maintain high standards of discipline and behavior in the classroom while maintaining an approachable demeanor8. Outstanding classroom management skills9. Willingness to go the extra mile and stay after class as needed10. Clever use of innovative and resourceful teaching methods to suit the special needs of an individual or group11. Willingness to supervise extracurricular student activities and after-school events12. Excellent interpersonal and communication skillsExperienceMath Teacher, 2015 – PresentSt. Joseph High School, Norfolk, VADuties and Responsibilities* Taught three mathematic sections including Statistics, Trigonometry, and Statistics* Created comprehensive lesson plans incorporating various methods of teaching to ensure pupils are actively engaged and understand the materials* Collaborated with colleagues to integrate new activities and allocate effectively the available resources* Developed and introduced an enrichment program for students who were not quite equipped to move on to the next level* Served on the Math Department’s Planning BoardMath Teacher, 2016 – 2015Hastings High School, Richmond, VADuties and Responsibilities* Handled mathematics classes including Introduction to Calculus and Introduction to Trigonometry, as well as Geometry and Algebra classes* Implemented stimulating lessons to engage students’ attention and interest, allowing them to develop a passion for the subject* Utilized several teaching methods and techniques to guarantee the solid understanding of concepts introduced and taught* Offered after-school tutoring to aid struggling students to improve their academic performance* Participated in student-teacher conferences, meetings, and professional development seminarsSubstitute Teacher, 2015 – 2016Hartford High School, Hartford, MIDuties and Responsibilities* Served as a substitute and instructed students throughout the whole school in all core subjects* Implemented planned lessons in a refreshing and stimulating manner so as to facilitate all styles of learning and promote active class participation* Maintained up-to-date student files and records and communicated regularly with classroom teacher* Promoted a focused and disciplined learning milieu for maximum efficiency and productivity* Volunteered to supervise after-school activities  and offered after-school tutoring for struggling studentsEducationCollege, Michigan State UniversityBachelor of Science Major in Mathematics, Bachelor of Arts In Secondary Education1998-2017High School, Hartford High SchoolMath Olympiad Champion 1997-1998Student Council PresidentValedictorian (4.0 GPA)1994-1998Courses1. Algebra and Trigonometry2. Basic Concepts in Mathematics3. Elementary Statistics4. Calculus5. Differential Equations6. Modern Geometry7. Foundations of Mathematics8. Introduction to Computer Programming9. Matrix Algebra